>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Welcome back,
let's talk about Reactive forms.
So I need to make
an executive decision here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Unfortunately,
if you are on master,
this component already exist.
So I think the easiest thing to
do is,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I think we
just change this slightly
to just a different name.
So we have a newsletter
component that exist.
So let's think of something
comparable like, you know what?
Let's do-
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We're trying to
think of something with very little.
So let's do a signup component or
a login component, okay?
So this is one of these kind of unforeseen
things that you just kinda flow and
you freestyle and,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
I'm just making a few
changes to the snippets, but
where it says name and email,
just do username and password.
So pretty easy, so
we can just adjust for this on the fly.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
let's just take a couple minutes, and
the big thing is just pull
up the snippets piece.
And then from there, we're just
gonna create a Login in component.
And we're going to add it to
the HomeComponent template.
And so what I'll do is I'll give everybody
kind of a little bit of a head start, and
then I will do it as well.
And we'll kind of go through this,
hopefully I'll do it at a pace that
everybody can kind of keep up.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
what we're gonna do is,
if you remember talking about
template driven-forms and
kind of that hierarchy, we're just
going to kind of expand upon that.
But more so kind of talk about
the relationship that we have with
how we kind of define our forms.
And more so where the actual model, the
data model lives that is driving the form.
So this is going to be a fairly quick
extension to the template-driven forms.
But it is a very, very useful technique,
especially when you start to
build out large scale forms.
So we're talking, for instance one of
my clients, they do insurance forms.
So if you're in Canada,
you need insurance, you can go,
you fill out this form
that's pretty complex.
And to do this strictly
from a template design,
especially because the form will change
dynamically based on what you choose.
Trying to do that template
driven will be very, very hard.
And what you need is a way to declare
your form in an imperative context,
and then have your template
kind of reflect that.
So I'm not talking about data-driven
forms, but being able to define it and
declare it in your JavaScript or
your TypeScript.
And then from there you just hook
it into kind of the template.
Instead of letting the template drive the
model, you let the actual model in this
declaration determine how
the form is going to work.
One of the biggest things with this,
as well as people that are starting
with the pre-challenge,
is that if you've ever built out forms,
these are some of the most verbose
elements and experiences that you
can actually code in terms of HTML.
So when you have a form that has like
an input, that has some requirements
with some validation that you need
to show the user, different things.
All of a sudden now your markup
becomes very, very large.
Even though you're really only doing
one thing, if you have four fields, and
two possible validations on each,
you need to show a message.
This can get very large, very complex.
And so this is one of the ways that
we can kind of start to reduce that.
And allow our form to be just a form
that our model then reacts to.